Authentication docs (#120)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Core: Documentation/articles/authentication.md

# Authentication and Authorization

## User authentication in ArmoniK

> ArmoniK supports user authentication to increase the level of security. It uses **mTLS** to authentify a user with their user certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArmoniK supports user authentication to increase the level of security and to be able to allow different kind of access to the people allowed to use it and to follow how the system was used. 
The authentication is based on **mTLS** to associate a login to a user through their certificate.```

This authentication is done at 2 levels :
- **Certificate level authentication**: the ingress in front of ArmoniK checks the validity of the user certificate. If validated, it sends the Common Name (CN) and Fingerprint of the certificate as headers to the underlying service
- **Header level authentication**: the received headers are checked against a user database. If the user exists, it is authenticated with the corresponding internal user identity.

> Regarding the user identity, and thus permissions, used by the service after authentication, ArmoniK supports the following :

Reviewer: Je n'ai pas l'impression que cette phrase présente les bullets points comme il faut.

- **Impersonation scheme**: the user identity corresponds to the user chosen via specific headers in the request. This is possible only if the certificate used matches a user, through a Certificate or CN scheme, who has the permissions required to impersonate the chosen user. See the [Impersonation](#impersonation) section for details. 

## Impersonation

ArmoniK allows users to impersonate other users by adding an impersonation header in their request. A user can use this feature if they already managed to pass a Certificate based scheme or a CN based scheme, then they must have impersonation permissions targetting **all** of the target's roles. If at least one of the roles of the target user is not covered by the base user's impersonate permissions, impersonation fails. If they can impersonate the target user, then the user identity used is the impersonated one. Permissions and roles of the original user are **not** inherited by the impersonated user. If a user attempts to impersonate a nonexistant user, or a user for which they don't have have the proper rights, the authentication fails and does not fall back to the base user. 

## User permissions

> ArmoniK uses a User-Role-Permission based approach to handle authorization. Each user in the database can have a set of **Roles**. Each role contains a set of **Permissions**. You cannot add permissions directly to a user. A permission is defined as a string in a specific format.

Reviewer: Qui est "you"? et qui et comment on peut ajouter les perm du coup?
